Lower Cove was amazing.
The water looked like something out of the Caribbean. Katie, what about you?
What did you think?
So very, very cute serene.
It felt completely unspoiled
It was just amazing cough. Castle was revealed.
And I have to say it was one of the most breathtaking rums I've ever had in my
life.
My favorite P cost cost.
So was following color trails and seeing different
spots.
I would definitely recommend the UK road trip.
And you can just Chuck everything in the car go. And that's what we did.
It allows you to de-stress slow down and unwind.
We like to do cool walks on our holidays.
The bit that makes it for me is when everybody's settled down, ready for bed,
and you can enjoy a nice cold glass of white wine when the sun is setting
bliss.
Oh, that's cute. Doodle.
Do is pretty breathtaking.
My favorite fact about Lyme Regus was on the boat.
That was so much fun.
My favorite thing about being on holiday is being with you.